welcome into the Ram truck workshop here
at the rebuilding exchange we're with
Sean boyo from dad's home improvement
Sean you brought us a project today
that's near and dear to my heart the
mirror I know how much you enjoy looking
at your mirror but unfortunately your
wife doesn't like it as much because
it's old and boring and just kind of
plain the mirror or me you okay
the mirror is pretty old and boring as
well so I brought some moldings to show
you how to put those on the mirror to
dress it up a little bit basic builder
mirrors like this one are pretty
standard in Chicago and across the
country they get the job done but as
Sean said they can be pretty darn boring
so he's got a quick DIY to dress up the
mirror and make it look much more
high-end so first of all you need some
molding okay I brought two pieces for
the top of the bottom I also brought a
couple side pieces as well
a few other supplies round out our short
list including liquid nails adhesive and
a caulk gun painters tape household
cleaner and paper towels I just want to
make sure that we're dealing with a
clean mirror so why don't you help me by
wiping this off
now obviously the mirror at your house
you're not gonna take off of the
bathroom wall so this would be done
while the mirror is on the wall
okay so you notice that the four pieces
I brought in magically fit this mirror
perfectly so when you're out picking out
your moldings whatever lumberyard you go
to will cut the wood on-site you just
have to have exact measurements so they
can do that for you so we have our first
piece of molding we're gonna start with
the bottom and work our way up and I've
got the liquid nails adhesive and we're
gonna run a line of it right across the
top how long does something like this
take to dry this is gonna take about 24
hours to cure and we're gonna run
another line along the bottom you want
to make sure not to put too much so it
doesn't use out of the sides when we put
the molding on the glass and now we're
just gonna place it on the bottom of the
mirror when you apply the molding be
sure to square it up to the sides and
bottom of the mirror in order to keep it
straight and level now I noticed you
just laid it
didn't really I don't want to press it
too hard because I don't want all the
adhesive to ease out just put enough
pressure on there where it spreads and
it'll cure in place brought some
painters tape to show you how to hold
the moulding in place since it's going
to be in a vertical position we're gonna
tape the moulding to the mirror and if
you have a bathroom vanity you can also
tape the bottom molding to that as well
I want you to put some glue on these two
pieces one bead at the top and one bead
at the bottom we're gonna take that
great business is pretty good said the
sudden urge to write happy birthday we
secure the two side pieces with more
painters tape and then apply the
adhesive to the top piece of molding
starting on the bottom once again using
the sides of veneers are dyed it feels
pretty straight and we're gonna put a
couple pieces of blue tape on the top so
if you're taping this mirror and it's up
at home would you actually tape it to
the wall as well we would tape it to the
wall up off the sides and the vanity
below we want to give you a good look at
our finished product so we take off our
painters tape about 23 hours early I
remember if this is on your wall at home
you're gonna want to wait 24 hours
before you get to this step to make sure
that adhesive is fully cured it took
well under an hour to transform this
bathroom mirror from blah to beautiful
the moldings don't cost a lot of money
you can have tons of creative freedom
with it to make it your own and in one
afternoon you have a brand new bathroom
mirror now if you don't mind I could
actually use a little alone time with
this bad boy I don't know if there's
enough room for you to have